CrowdStrike Questions Programming -

 Programming (Logic & Data Structures)
Q. Program: Find the largest three numbers in the array
Q. Write a program to find the second largest number in an array without sorting.
Q. How will you declare a class if I don’t want to change the data in it
Q. How string is different from other data types
Q. The difference between final, finally, and finalize

- Testing & Test Case Execution
Q. Testing 100 vials of blood for a disease, where each test costs $1. Provide a way to test without spending $100.
Q. Scenario: I have 10 test cases, and I want to execute only 3 test cases. How will you do that
Q. The developer intentionally raised a bug. What is it called?

- SQL & Data Analysis
Q. Analyzing Threats Detected by CrowdStrike – write a query to show total threats detected for each customer per day, ranking each day by number of threats.
Q. Filter customers based on multiple conditions: active subscription, region North America/Europe, spend > $10,000 OR > 5 users, NOT 'Government' sector.
Average Threat Level Reported by CrowdStrike – SQL to calculate average threat level per day.
Q. Filter customers whose email is registered with CrowdStrike (‘crowdstrike . com’ domain).
Q. List SQL JOIN types and explain each.

- Other
Q. In cp -r, without -r, can we copy the file or not?
Q. Do you understand networking? … What are subnets and VLANs? Difference between a router & a switch.


Sprinklr recent SDET interview experience:

DSA & Problem Solving
 •  Two Sum problem
 • Given an array of strings consisting of various emails output the unique email.
 • Minimum Steps for Knight to reach position
 • Basic coding problems… Anagram … finding no of 1's in a sorted binary array
 • 3 Bulb and switch puzzle

Testing & Automation Concepts
 • How do you achieve parallel execution of test cases in TestNG?
 • What are the reasons for a 500 Internal Server Error?”
 • What was your role in your last company? Explain your projects in details.
 • Selenium based code snippets for a login page, clicking right click, selecting from the dropdown, taking a screenshot.
 • Test scenarios and test cases on a pen
 • Test scenarios and test cases on the WhatsApp app

Java Core Concepts
 • Basic Java concepts like OOPS, abstract class, interface, collections framework, differences between list and map
 • What is a NullPointerException in Java? When can it occur, and how would you resolve it?
 • Explain the difference between ArrayList and LinkedList in Java. When would you choose one over the other?
 • How would you troubleshoot and fix a NoClassDefFoundError in Java? Provide possible reasons for its occurrence.
 
 
 
  • 1st1st
20K+ | SDET@Innovaccer👨🏻‍💻| Ex-McAfee | Automation Testing Framework design [Web/UI and API] | Python, Java, Rest assured, Selenium, Cucumber, Pytest, Postman20K+ | SDET@Innovaccer👨🏻‍💻| Ex-McAfee | Automation Testing Framework design [Web/UI and API] | Python, Java, Rest assured, Selenium, Cucumber, Pytest, Postman
2w • Edited •  2 weeks ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Apple recent SDET interview experience:

- Java Programming & File Handling:
Q) What's the interface? What's an abstract class? Difference between both .
Q) Java program to compare two text files line by line and reports the differences
Q) Java program to parse a log file and extract specific error messages. The program should filter out lines containing a certain keyword (e.g., "ERROR") and write them to a new file.
Q) Guess the Output :
public class BufferedIOExample {
 public static void main(String[] args) {
 try (BufferedInputStream bis = new BufferedInputStream(new FileInputStream("test.txt"))) {
 int data;
 while ((data = bis . read()) != -1) {
 System.out.print((char) data);
 }
 } catch (IOException e) {
 }
 }
}
Assume that "test.txt" contains the text "Java\nProgramming".
 Options:
 A) "JavaProgramming"
 B) "Java Programming"
 C) "Java\nProgramming"
 D) IOException is thrown at runtime


- Manual & Functional Testing Concepts:
Q) Scenarios to test music player application
Q) Non-functional test cases for Pencil
Q) What is Cache and Cookies in web application?
Q) How to review and back track if the 100th build gets failed?
Q) Test scenarios for PDP page
Q) What will be the test data for testing music player application?

- Automation Testing and Design (Java):
Q) Write a program to test a RESTful API. The program should be able to handle authentication, make GET and POST requests, and validate the responses.
Q) How would you design a test case in Java for a system that requires multiple steps, where each step's output is the next step's input?
Q) Demonstrate how to mock external dependencies (e.g., databases) in a test case. Provide an example
Q) @Test test1(){ String text="sdds"; }
@Test(dependsOnMethod="test1",priority=1) test2(){ //Second test method }
-- What's the execution order? Will there be any runtime or compile errors thrown?
-- How to get dynamic data from test1 method and pass it to test2 method as test data?

-Git & Version Control:
Q) How to merge latest commits from master to branch-develop in local IDE using git command
Q) Can we update the commit message after committing and before pushing the changes?




Sandeep Yadav
 • 1st1st
20K+ | SDET@Innovaccer👨🏻‍💻| Ex-McAfee | Automation Testing Framework design [Web/UI and API] | Python, Java, Rest assured, Selenium, Cucumber, Pytest, Postman20K+ | SDET@Innovaccer👨🏻‍💻| Ex-McAfee | Automation Testing Framework design [Web/UI and API] | Python, Java, Rest assured, Selenium, Cucumber, Pytest, Postman
3w • Edited •  3 weeks ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Publicis Sapient recent SDET interview questions:

- Core Java & OOPs:
Q. Can we have a catch block without a try block, or a try block without a catch block?
Q. Can we handle exceptions without using try and catch?
Q. What is Polymorphism and its types? Explain with respect to your project.
Q. Where have you implemented Encapsulation and Abstraction in your project?
Q. Difference between protected and private in Java?
Q. Can we create an object of an Interface or Abstract class? Why or why not?
Q. Example of method overloading and method overriding in Selenium?

- Selenium / Automation:
Q. What are the major exceptions you get in Selenium?
Q. How will you send the up and down arrow keys as input in a textbox?
Q. Difference between findElements and findElement
Q. Fluent wait syntax
Q. Explicit and implicit wait
Q. Difference between Selenium 3.0 and 4.0 version
Q. There is a dropdown list on a webpage along with a link to another page. Upon clicking the link, a new tab opens, and there is another dropdown. How will you find the common options between these dropdowns? Explain step by step.

- Framework & TestNG:
Q Explain the Depends On attribute in TestNG.
Q. Suppose you are working on a regression suite and a smoke suite. How can you create triggers for both suites?

- Problem Solving:
Q. Write a code to print the number of characters in the string: "ttessst@innn123ggg!"
Q. Programs on String Manipulation, HashMap
Q. Difference between list, set, map and usage in framework




ZS recent SDET interview questions:

Q. Asked to explain the different phases of SDLC, from requirement gathering to maintenance — and how QA fits into each stage.
Q. What’s the difference between a pointer and a reference?
Q. Why do we use multi-threading?
Q. What are the advantages of multi-threading in real-world applications?

- Programming:
Q. Write code to find the middle of a string.
Q. Explain and implement decorators in Python.
Q. Write a Python function to reverse a string in-place so that "This is a test." becomes "sihT si a .tset".
Q. Write a program to generate the Fibonacci series.
Q. Code to design a mobile calculator (basic operations).
Q. Write a program to remove special characters from a string, keeping only alphabets.

- Agile Methodology:
Q. Asked to explain the Agile methodology, including roles like Scrum Master/Product Owner, and ceremonies like stand-ups, sprints, retrospectives, and sprint planning.

- Test Case Design:
Q. Write exhaustive test cases for a mobile app installation.
Q. Write test cases for payment gateway integration .
 Q. Asked to describe previous projects, including what problems I solved, technologies used, and my personal contributions with an emphasis on data manipulation and automation logic.
 
 
 Disney+ Hotstar recent SDET interview question: [Exp: 3-8 yrs]

Coding :
Q. Given a binary tree, count the number of occurrences where there are two nodes with the same horizontal distance.
Q. Given a singly linked list, write a recursive method to reverse every 3 nodes in the list.
Q. Given a linked list, write a program to check if it is a palindrome.
Q. First and last occurrence of an element in an array.

Test Design and Automation Framework Questions:
Q. Design a test plan for the tinyurl program.
Q. How do you design and document software test cases for system or subsystem verification?
Q. How will you design an automation framework to test Twitter APIs that are used in a particular site

Testing concepts:
Q. Explain the difference between database testing vs backend testing in the case of Disney login page.
Q. What is compatibility testing?
Q. What is Integrity testing?
Q. Difference between compatibility testing vs Integrity testing?
Q. What would you typically do to assure quality in a project?
Q. Write some test methods for stress testing of Furniture class.
Q. What is the difference between encapsulation and abstraction?

Behavioral :
Q. Tell me about a time when you took customer feedback to improve your products/services.
Q. Why should we hire you?



Walmart Global Tech India recent SDET interview questions:

Coding : Questions asked in OA and interviews(not exactly same but slight variation)
Q. Write a program to find all permutations of a given string
Q. Write a program to find the longest palindrome in a given string
Q. Given an array of intervals, find overlapping intervals and replace them with a single interval using the start time of the first and end time of the second
Q. Validate an input string - balanced parentheses problem
Q. Given a set of student scores, calculate the average and determine if the student is ready for the next level

Java Concepts:
Q. Multiple questions from Java Collections and String manipulation
Q. What is the difference between inheritance and polymorphism in Java?
Q. Explain different types of exceptions in Java and how exception handling works
Q. General questions on Java OOPs, logic building, puzzles, and headless testing

Testing Fundamentals:
Q. What is regression testing? How is it different from smoke testing?
Q. How would you test the functionality of CTRL+C and CTRL+V commands?
Q. How would you test a website's functionality thoroughly , both from a functional and non-functional perspective?
Q. You’re given a page with a list of items, each having an image and a product name. What test cases can you write for this page (functional & non-functional)?
Q. The list displays 10 records initially, and on scrolling, shows 10 more. How would you write an automation script to search for a record that appears in the 4th scroll?

Framework and past experience related questions:
Q. Explain your current test automation framework in detail. What tools, design pattern, and reporting you use?
Q. Walk through your CI/CD pipeline. How you’ve integrated your automation into it?



Games24x7 recent SDET interview questions:

- Coding + Algorithms:
Q. Longest Palindromic Subsequence (DP)
Q. Minimum coins required for a sum (Coin Change Problem)
Q. Print a given star pattern 
Q. Implement queue using stacks
Q. Reverse a string provide pseudocode

- Selenium + Automation:
Q. Open Google, search for a keyword, locate a specific link using XPath
Automate infinite scroll: find a record that appears on the 3rd scroll
Q. Gurukula web app automation

- Testing concepts:
Q. How would you test a website’s functionality?
Q. Given a page with product images and names → Write functional + non-functional test cases
Q. Test data design for a function that returns the smaller of two nodes in a binary tree
Q. Java OOPs: Difference between Inheritance & Polymorphism



ServiceNow recent QA/SDET interview questions:

1. Write a Java program for String Anagram (multiple approaches)
2. Write code to check if a subset with a given sum exists in an array
3. Questions on Selenium (locators, waits, page interactions)
4. TestNG Annotations and their execution order
5. What all interfaces are used in your test framework?
6. Questions on current automation framework & architecture
7. Given a website, asked to implement and explain a few test cases using automation
8. Functional vs Non-Functional testing
9. API Testing fundamentals and validation logic
10. Selenium waits (implicit, explicit, fluent)

- A full automation round:
 Open a website → search for a product → apply filters → store the results → display it
Specific questions on XPath usage and strategies
Questions related to E-commerce site automation challenges


#Komprise recent SDET Interview questions

Q1: Using list comprehension convert given list with square of even numbers.
Given_list = [1,4,3,6,8]
result = [1,16,3,36,64]
Explanation: 4, 6, 8 are even numbers so they are replaced by their squares.

Q2: list = ["badc","abab","dddd","dede","yyxx"] pattern = "baba"
Output= "abab","dddd","dede"
Find the elements from the list which are following the given pattern ("baba" is just an example, it could be any pattern)

Q3: list1 =[1,2,3,4] -> [24,12,8,6]
0 index: 2x3x4=24
1 index: 1x3x4=12
2 index: 1x2x4=8
3 index: 1x2x3 = 6
Replace each element with product of all elements except current element

Q4. How do you set up failure notifications in Jenkins?
Q5. How do you automate testing of APIs and web services?
Q6. How do you optimize test runs to reduce build time in CI/CD? Just give me overview.



Booking.com recently asked interview questions:

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 1: 
- Online Technical Assessment (60 mins) It contains 2 leet code mediums based on Arrays and Strings concept. 

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 2: 
- Real-Time Debugging & Scenario-Based Testing (90 mins) 
- Pairing round with a Senior Test engineer. Reviewed a partially written test suite and fixed issues 
- Wrote tests for dynamic UIs Strategy discussion for testing a payment module with mocks 
-Asked how I handle flaky tests and optimize CI pipelines 

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 3: 
- Automation System Design (60 mins) 
- Whiteboard-style design round. Build a scalable automation framework for a microservice-heavy platform 
- Discussed data management, parallel execution, and reporting Integration with Jenkins & GitHub Actions 
- API Testing with RestAssured and error handling




#Prophecy [Startup] recent SDET Interview questions

𝐑𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 1:
Q1. Code to find Next Greater Element (NGE) for every element .
 -Time complexity
 -Optimized approach
E.g. Input: arr[] = [ 4 , 5 , 2 , 25 ]
Output: 4   –> 5
 5   –> 25
 2   –> 25
 25  –> -1
Explanation: Except 25 every element has an element greater than them present on the right side

Q2. Write test Cases of the code.

Q3. Let us suppose this function is the API. How will you write code to test it, (API Automation)?

Q4. How to do authentication?

Q5. What are headers in API testing

Q6. Authentication vs Authorization.

Q7. Selenium code to test the login page

Q8. Test Cases for the login page 

𝐑𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 2:
Q1: Write a code to Implement tail -f command (tail -f command prints last few lines of one or more files)
 Followup : Write test cases for this 
Explanation: Need to write a function that takes filepath and number of lines as a parameter , returning last n lines of the file(e.g. Log file )
 
Q2: —-Write Test cases and Automation for given app—--------
GoogleDocs with below functionalities
- Create a doc file
- Share it with any user (email) -> EDIT/READONLY/COMMENTONLY
- When anyone edits the document you and others can see the changes
Asked to write 2 things:
Test areas - Test cases
Automation strategy



AQM Technologies recent SDET interview question

Round 1:

 1. Write Test Scenarios for Lift(Elevators) for UI, Security, Performance and Accessibility Testing
 2. Convert String to integer without using inbuilt(integer.parse)
 3. Rotate right shift array at 3 times using Java Program. 
 Input: [1,2,3,4,5,6 ,7] and n=3;
 Output: [5,6,7,1,2,3,4]

Round 2:

 1. Print all tab names in Home page in icicilombard[dot]com using selenium java
 2. Reverse words at same place of given string: 
I/p: Test Automation and o/p: tseT noitamotuA
 3. Get max and min occurrences of given String: Teeeessst Autoooooomationn output: m-1 and o-8

Round 3:

 1. Describe your last project.
 2. Brief about some challenges faced during your project and how can you resolve the same.
 4. Open Amazon Site and Search with Any. Then write xpath to get all sponsored related items.
 5. Write Test Scenarios for Search box in Amazon
 6. What will be Authentication Request method: Post or Get?
 7. What are the different Status codes in API?
 8. What is Accessibility testing and provide real time examples.




Rubrik recent SDET interview experience:

Checking behavior and culture fit  [ Whatever answer you are giving, give with concrete example ]
Q1. What drives you to keep working? 
Q2. Have you ever been in a point of conflict with anyone like your colleagues / Manager or anyone ? How you handled it.
Q3. Have you ever worked after office hours? Is this ethical??
Q4. Have you ever been through a moment when you got feedback from your manager and what were your actions on it?
Q5. Suppose you have a ML model that takes some data as input, process it and provide output. How will you test this ML model?

Q6. Questions on pytest marker
Q7. Questions on pytest fixture
Q8. How to create customised marker
Q9. Scope in Pytest
Q10. Parametrize fixture
Q11. Can we create and tear down instance within one fixture
Q12. How to skip a test
Q13. How we can automatically run a fixture
Q14. Given code and asked whether it is correct or have any error
Q15. System -> take image input, swap images and give output
 -> Test cases from user perspective
 ->  Image sent by AWS API to backend services, fetch some data, process it and provide output through some API.
 - Test this system E2E
 -  What all type of testing you will do and how you will set up automation
Q16. Puzzle:
You have 1 football ground, 8 teams, total time of all the matches should be 10 hours and the final match is 2 hours. How you will organize all the matches



Prophecy [Startup] recent SDET Interview questions

𝐑𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 1:
Q1. Code to find Next Greater Element (NGE) for every element .
 -Time complexity
 -Optimized approach
E.g. Input: arr[] = [ 4 , 5 , 2 , 25 ]
Output: 4   –> 5
 5   –> 25
 2   –> 25
 25  –> -1
Explanation: Except 25 every element has an element greater than them present on the right side

Q2. Write test Cases of the code.

Q3. Let us suppose this function is the API. How will you write code to test it, (API Automation)?

Q4. How to do authentication?

Q5. What are headers in API testing

Q6. Authentication vs Authorization.

Q7. Selenium code to test the login page

Q8. Test Cases for the login page 

𝐑𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 2:
Q1: Write a code to Implement tail -f command (tail -f command prints last few lines of one or more files)
 Followup : Write test cases for this 
Explanation: Need to write a function that takes filepath and number of lines as a parameter , returning last n lines of the file(e.g. Log file )
 
Q2: —-Write Test cases and Automation for given app—--------
GoogleDocs with below functionalities
- Create a doc file
- Share it with any user (email) -> EDIT/READONLY/COMMENTONLY
- When anyone edits the document you and others can see the changes
Asked to write 2 things:
Test areas - Test cases
Automation strategy



Newfold Digital recent SDET interview experience

The interview consisted of three rigorous technical rounds, each lasting approximately 2–2.5 hours. Here's a detailed experience
 
Each round focused on evaluating problem-solving, coding, and automation testing (UI and API) expertise. Asked a total of four coding questions, alongside questions on Selenium, Java, and testing concepts.
 
1st coding question :
Move all negative numbers to beginning and positive maintaining order
(need to cover all the test cases with time and space complexity)
 ex: Input: -12, 11, -13, -5, 6, -7, 5, -3, -6
 Output: -12 -13 -5 -7 -3 -6 11 6 5
 
2nd coding questions:
Reverse a string preserving space position
(need to cover all the test cases with time and space complexity)
 ex: Input: I Am Not String
 Output: g ni rtS toNmAI
 
3rd question: 
Given an array of strings strs, group the anagrams together. 
(need to cover all the test cases with time and space complexity)
 Input: strs = ["eat","tea","tan","ate","nat","bat"]
 Output: [["bat"],["nat","tan"],["ate","eat","tea"]]
 
4th questions:
Print all subarrays with 0 sum
 Input: arr = [6, 3, -1, -3, 4, -2, 2, 4, 6, -12, -7]
 Output:
 Subarray found from Index 2 to 4
 Subarray found from Index 2 to 6
 Subarray found from Index 5 to 6
 Subarray found from Index 6 to 9
 Subarray found from Index 0 to 10
 
 
 
 HighLevel recent SDET interview experience

Round 1:
1. Given a string s, find the first non-repeating character in it and return its index. If it does not exist, return -1 
2. Given a string, calculate the frequency of characters in a string. 
3. Question related to testng like invocation count and parallel execution 
4. Excel integration locators 
 
Round 2:
1. Code to move all zeros to end 
2. Question related to parallel execution API automation diff between UI and API testing
3. When to do API or UI testing
4. Scenario based question like give test cases for lift

Round 3:
Question related to frameworks and maven



McAfee recent SDET interview experience

Round 1:
1. Write a program to find a prime number in a list.
2. Write a program to find the largest number in a list.
3. Write a program to reverse a number and string without using pre-built methods.
4. What is meant by a RESTful API?
And some questions related to HTTP status codes.

Round 2:
1. Implement a sample backend application with some sample data where you need to update the data as attached in the chat.
2. Write an optimized SQL query to fetch the third-largest high-salaried person. You need to create a table, insert sample data, and query to fetch it.
3. Write a program to remove duplicates from a list.
One more coding question, but I'm not getting it.
 
Round 3:
Past work experience, project-related questions, machine learning concepts, writing a sample test case based on the scenario, and scenario-based questions.


#DEShaw recent Member of Technical Staff (QA) Interview questions

Q1. If API is taking a long response time. As an Engineer how you would significantly reduce the response time without making any changes in the database side.

Q2.Given a floor of size n x m and tiles of size 1 x m. The problem is to count the number of ways to tile the given floor using 1 x m tiles. A tile can either be placed horizontally or vertically. 
Input : n = 2, m = 3
Output: 1
Explanation:
Only one combination to place two tiles of size 1x3 horizontally on the floor of size 2x3.

Input :  n = 4, m = 4
Output: 2
Explanation:
1st combination: All tiles are placed horizontally
2nd combination: All tiles are placed vertically.

Q3. Implement Inheritance
Q4. Solution of diamond problem in inheritance




Generic Questions


1. What tools and approaches do you use for performance or load testing of applications?
2. What are microservices, and what considerations are important when testing a microservices-based application?
3. Explain continuous integration (CI) and why it is important in automated testing workflows.
4. How would you design a scalable automation test framework for a large web application?
5. How do you identify the root cause of a defect uncovered during testing? (Describe your debugging approach.)
6. How do you locate and interact with dynamic web elements (elements with changing identifiers) in Selenium?
7. How would you automate REST API testing in your framework? (For example, testing HTTP endpoints with expected status codes and payloads.)
8. What strategies would you use to handle flaky or nondeterministic tests in your automation suite?
9. What are the core concepts of object-oriented programming (OOP)?
10. Write a function to reverse a singly-linked list (for example, 1→2→3→null becomes null←3←2←1).
11. Given an array of size N–1 containing numbers 1..N with one missing, find the missing number.
12. Given the head of a singly-linked list, write a function to detect whether it contains a cycle (e.g., using Floyd’s cycle detection).




1. Design a scalable Selenium-based framework for microservices front-ends, incorporating REST API validations and performance benchmarks.
2. When designing a plugin system, how would you leverage interfaces for loose coupling and plugin discovery?
3. Beyond “what is an interface,” explain default/static methods in interfaces, and when you’d prefer an interface over an abstract class. 
4. How would you apply formal verification techniques (e.g., model checking) in addition to traditional validation?
5. Describe writing data-driven vs. keyword-driven test cases. How do you parameterise negative test scenarios?
6. Walk through triaging a critical production crash: how do you set Severity/Priority, involve stakeholders, and verify fixes? 
7. Without requirements docs, how do you reverse-engineer test cases from code or API specs? Describe your exploratory testing experience. 
8. Given ten interfaces, each with two default methods, how do you resolve method collisions? 
9. Compare composition vs. inheritance. How would you refactor a class hierarchy with deep inheritance into a flexible design using the Strategy pattern?
10. How do you organise large BDD suites? Discuss using tags, hooks, and the Screenplay pattern to avoid feature file duplication. 
11. Explain dynamic scenario outlines with external data sources (e.g., Excel, JSON) and parallel execution strategies.
12. Show how you’d write a Jenkins Declarative Pipeline that runs unit tests, builds Docker images, deploys to test infra, and gates on code coverage thresholds.
13. Beyond touch filename, demonstrate using vi in batch mode to insert a license header in ten files and set file permissions recursively. 
14. What intermittent (“flaky”) failures have you encountered? How did you root-cause implicit waits vs. network latency vs. environment issues? 
15. How to call a superclass’s overloaded method when signatures clash; discuss using super in constructors vs. methods.



1. Your tests randomly fail with 503. How do you diagnose? 
Think mocks vs. real service, retries, circuit-breaker config, and degraded mode testing.
2. The script works locally but fails headless on Jenkins. Outline your debug steps: 
logs, screenshots of failure, ENV differences, Xvfb setup, browser versions, network/firewall, and retry logic.
3. How would you instrument your tests to feed metrics into Prometheus/Grafana? Which key metrics would you capture?
4. Design test data for validating Visa, MasterCard, and AmEx formats, plus edge cases (empty, non-numeric, too short/long).
5. Boundary value & equivalence classes for a password: length 8–16, ≥1 uppercase, ≥1 digit, ≥1 special. Provide 8 positive and 8 negative examples.
6. Using Bash or PowerShell, write a script that polls a list of Docker containers, checks their HTTP health endpoint, and retries up to 3 times before alerting.
7. Write a Python (or Java) script that reads emails.csv and verifies each address via regex plus MX-record lookup. Output Pass/Fail per row.
8. Find Kth Smallest / Largest element in an array.
9. Find Longest Palindromic Substring.
10. You have 3 jars: one contains only apples, one only oranges, and one mixed. Each is mislabeled. You may draw one fruit from one jar. How do you correctly relabel all?
11. 2 chairs in a circle; 6 people, but two must sit together. How many seating arrangements?


A bit complex Playwright Interview Questions for hashtag#SDETs
.
.
1.  How do you implement custom test fixtures and global setup/teardown in Playwright?
2. How would you test a multi‑tab workflow or user flows that span multiple browser contexts?
3. What’s the difference between workers and sharding for parallel execution, and when do you choose each?
4. Can you show how to use network interception for performance testing or fault‑injection?
5. How do you manage authenticated sessions at scale, especially to avoid re‑logging in for every test?
6. Describe implementing visual regression testing with Playwright’s snapshot APIs.
7. How do you handle dynamic UI elements that appear unpredictably, beyond the built‑in auto‑waiting?
8.  When a test is flaky, how do you use Playwright’s Trace Viewer to debug it?
9. How do you integrate Playwright into your CI/CD pipeline and generate rich test reports?
10. Can Playwright handle API testing alongside UI tests? If so, how do you structure those tests?
11. What locator strategies do you use for complex elements, like regex, ARIA roles, or nested selectors?
12. How do you measure page performance, for example, TTFB or resource load times, within Playwright?
13. Describe using Playwright with Java or another language, what are the key differences from JavaScript/TypeScript?
14. How would you implement a resilient test framework on top of Playwright, using Page Object Model and modular helpers?
15. What strategies do you use to keep tests fast and maintainable as your app grows?



.
1. Given a string s, find the longest substring in s that is a palindrome. A palindrome is a string that reads the same forwards and backwards. If there are multiple palindromic substrings of the same maximum length, you may return any one of them.
2. Write a Python script to automate the process of uploading files to an S3 bucket, including error handling and logging.
3. Explain the difference between unit tests and integration tests. When would you use each?
4. How would you approach testing race conditions in a multi-threaded application?
5. Given two sequences (or strings), find the longest subsequence that is common to both. A subsequence is a sequence that appears in the same relative order but not necessarily contiguous. If there are multiple common subsequences with the same maximum length, you may return any one of them.
6. Explain different ways of error handling.
7. Given a JSON string representing an object, write a function that parses the JSON object and returns a list of name-value pairs. Each name-value pair should be represented as a tuple (key, value). If the input JSON is invalid or not a JSON object, the function should handle the error gracefully (for example, by returning an empty list or printing an error message).
8. Given an array of digits, write a function to perform a right rotation by one position. In a right rotation, the last element of the array becomes the first element, and all other elements are shifted one position to the right.
9. Given an undirected graph represented as an adjacency list and a starting vertex, perform a Depth-First Search (DFS) traversal of the graph. Return the list of vertices in the order they are visited.
10. Explain the difference between Comparator and Comparable.
11. What is the difference between HashMap and Hashtable?
12. Different status codes in API testing.
13. What is query param and path param?
14. If an element is getting displayed intermittently, how will write code such that no exceptions are to be thrown?
15. How will you resolve merge conflicts in your project?