Introduction -

Hi Good Afternoon, This is Vishesh, Having around 12 years of experience and Currently working with Morgan Stanley Capital International as a Lead SDET QA Test Automation Engineer 

Prior to MSCI, I have worked with multiple Product based firms like Fiserv, PTC, Appdirect.

In my carrer of 12 years, I have worked on most of the Aspect of Automation as well Manual Testing.

With regards to Automation, I have worked on both UI as well as API Automation. For UI Automation I have extensively used Selenium with TesTng.
And for API Automation I have used RestAssured. 

Apart from Automation, I also have an exposure to Performance Testing of APIs using Gatling.

With regards to Manual Testing I am very comfortable with Requirement Gathering,TC Plan and TC creation, Defect Life cycle,Root cause analysis.

Beyond Testing, I have an exposure to Devops Technologies like Docker,Kubernetes and Microsoft Azure.

Some of the Domains which I have worked on are Investment Banking, Payment Domain and Ecommerce Domain.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What Exposure do you have with Docker,Kubernetes and Microsoft Azure?

Docker - So Docker is a Containerization Tool, We have extensively used Docker for Containerizing our application by creating its image and pushing to Docker Hub. Specific to Automation we created an image of our Automation Framework and pushed it to DockerHub. This helped our clients to setup and execute our TestAutomation at their end. Previously setting up setting up Test Automation Framework at clients end was really tough, Even if we set it up, There were instances where Client reported that the Framework did not work at their end probably because of different browser version, different selenium version. Also Docker simplified setting up Selenium Grid using Containers with Docker Compose file.


Kubernetes - Our Application services are deployed on Kubernetes Cluster. So have exposure to Kubernetes especially for Monitoring POD logs through rancher and through kubectlt tool, For manually scaling PODS, For restarting Deployments.

Azure - All our Service Monitoring is on Azure AppInsights. So quite familiear with Azure AppInsight for Monitioring and checking logs of service on Azure AppInsights. Monitoring like - When was the Analyzing service availability DIPs, What were Service Expections, What were the Dependency Expections,Analyzing percentile response times of our APIs


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Do you have any experience on Managing a Team,Leadership -

Yes I do have experience with Team Management and Leadership. In my current role as VicePresident at MSCI, I  lead two members who directly report to me.And apart from that I actively mentor and guid several QA engineers from cross functional teams specially with regards to Testing Practices, Automation Strategies and Tooling improvements.


In my role as VicePresident at MSCI Currently there are two resources who are directly reporting to me whose performance review is under me. Apart from that I also mentor and guide multiple QA engineers from cross functional team with regards to Testing Practices,Automation strategies and Tooling improvements.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TestStategies

I always believe QA should start as early as possible and should be involved in all the phases,With this I mean -

1.During Refinment and Story Planning session, QA should be involved and should be able to question the acceptance criteria,, Development Strategy so that risks are identified even before the code is written.

2.Once the developers code is ready, He should review the developer PR and identify if there are any Test Coverage gap and if the coverage can be improved.

3.Once the feature is up for QA for Testing, The Feature should be thoroughly Tested Manually before we Automate it.Also during feature testing one should ensure to always check the application logs just to ensure that the feature is not causing any kind of exceptions somewhere in the code.

4.Automation - Even Automation  Testing involves the  word Testing, The root is from Testing. The main Objective of Automation is to find bug and we should be to leverage it for regression and to write a good Automation testcase you need to be very good with Product Knowledge and which is why Step 3 is Mandatory. If your Automation is not finding bugs then its just piece of Garbage Code then.

An Automation Tester should think like a Tester and Code like a Developer. Its one of the rare skills set to have. You should be able to break and build.

If your Automation Suites are passing 100% every time you run it, your application is breaking somewhere!

The KRA for QA team should be to ensure zero production bugs or minimize product bugs as much as possible

Legacy Monolithic code is not bad because its old, Its bad because its a monument to many undocumneted decisions. Hence always ask your Product Owners,Developers and QA to document as much as possible. We should move to Quality Engineering rather then just focusing on Quality Assurance.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Daily routine/Responsibilities

Dont have a daily routine fixed but my general routine involves Connection with Product Owners and Developers to understand the requirement and development strategy, Reviewing Developement PRs to check Test coverage, Reviewing Automation Code PRs, Building TestStratey and then testing the Feature. And then finally Automating the feature.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Project Explanation -

MSCI's Barraone is a research-driven platform that helps asset managers identify and manage risk exposures and performance to make more informed investment decisions.Institutional Investors and Asset Manageres  manage large portfolios across many types of Assets(Equity,Bonds,Derivates).Barraone gives them the unified way to see the risks and performance across all asset classes. It helps you identify how risk is your Portfolio, Why did your portfolio make or lost Money over a consistent period.



Barraone is a reasearch driver platform used by Asset Managers,Institutional Investors to identify risk exposure and performance returns of Portfolio across different Asset Class like Equity, FIxed Income Assets like Bond,Derivates ,,different currencies to make better investment decision.

Different Reports -

Factor decomposition -  Helps you identify dufferenrt factor like Intrest rate ,Industry,Currency,Dollar rate,Crude Oil Price affects your portfolio and which position is highest risk.

Stress Test - A sense of how your portfolio would behave in adverse condition or how much you might lose under adverse conditions. Adevrse conditions like Covid, War,2008 Financial cris,2003 Iraq war.

Performance Attribution - See actual return of your portfolio against set benchmark and factors caused the given retrun.

WhatIf reports - Checks if I increase the position or decrease the position or chnage the ratio of AssetType like icrease Fixed Income Assets instead of Equity then what would be the impact on Risk on the set WhatIf condition. In a nutshell it rebalances the Portfolio based on hypothetical conditions and check if the risks are mitigated or have increased.

What If Market falls by 10%
What If we spend 2 crs annualy from returns

Funtional testing of  all features of barraone portal which included -

1.Login/LogOut
2.Supporting Portfolio Imports through UI as well as through BDT.
3.Checking Portfolio  with differet Asset class like Equity,Bond,Derivatives, Composites.
4.Checking Different Reports like Factor decomposition, StressTest,Performance Attribution

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OMPS - One MSCI Portfolio Storage

So MSCI has multiple products like Barraone, RMOne,ESG,RiskManager. And each these products had their own Databases so separate Database for separate Products. 

With OMPS i.e One MSCI Portfolio Storage they wanted that all the Products store portfolio in a single storage. The main problem it solved was -

1.Import once ,use anywhere. Suppose for example JPMorgan had a subcription to two of MSCI products, Previously he needed to import portfolio in both the products to use its feature since each product had its own database,Now after OMPS i.e centralized database, Portfolio imported once can used within any product if the client has subscription to it.


Challenges -

1.Identify generic schema consistent with all products.
2.Identify list of APIs that needed to be exposed.
3.Identify DataGrowth since it would be single point of storage.
3.Identify purge strategies for Dangling and Stale data.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs found through Automation -


1.With Microservice testing, The contract needs to be validated hence We should always validate the schema of response. I obsrved that API response schema was not validated before as part of Automation and I suggested  we should add response Validation schema checks as well through Automation.And with this check we were able to identify one regression bug where one API was sending an additional field within response which was not required by consumer. Again with schema validation we found a similar bug where one of the field which was expected within the response was not retrieved.Roor cause was when converting database Oject to Schema object, Field was not set.

2.There was an AddPosition API which was used for Adding a Position into the Portfolio, The API was returning a success 200 response while adding the duplicate Positions (Positions with same PositionID) but the position was not getting saved in Database due to DB constraint Violation of duplicate ID. It was regresssion issue where the developer accidently refatored some code where we were getting 200 success response instead of failure with approproate message that Duplication Positions cannot be saved.


3.I vividly remeber when I started my carrier, I was working for an ecommerce Domain, Just for curiosity I wrote a code to check how many product we could add into a wishlist. The code kept on adding product to wishlist and after certain point, I believe around 50K product are environment broke with 500 internal server error. After which the Devs added a limit on No of products that could be added to wish list.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STAR Questions

1.Tell me about a time you missed a deadline?

Yes it did happened with us, I was leading the QA efforts which involved testing different layer(UI,API,Database).

There were multiple reason behind the deadline - 
 -There was delay in QA build.
 -While Testing we found multiple issue which required fix and again Testing around those..
 -And some environment issues as well.
 
 
As a result During our sprint I called out that we might expect some Delay in delivering the feature. As Team we decided that we would give our more then 100% to delivery the feature without degrading the quality.

In the end after all the effort we did mis the deadline by 2 to 3 days. But Managment and Client was appreciative we priortized Quality over Speed.

Learning from the same we ensured to keep some additional buffer for environmental issue, Bug fixes and Testing.


2.Tell me about a time you disagreed with a senior member of staff?

I always beleiev that disagrrement and positive discussions over it can always lead to Quality Product. When there are disagrrements I always try to understand the other persons perspective and I try to share my perspective as well and I try to ensure that we come on the same page. InSprint Automation example where a senior leader was asking we can do inSprint Automation.


3.Give an example of something you tried in your job that didn't work.

Recently I was exploring AI and how could we leverage AI into our system, As part of it I was learning how can we integrate AI into our systems with the help pf MCP server especially Databases so that a user can given plain english and get an result from Database, I was able to do an intial POC on how could we achieve it but due to some compliance we were'nt able to push it forward.



4.Tell me about a time you supported a member of team who was struggling -
I am point of contact for multile issue, I love to solve and brainstorm problems, If someone is new to the Team and he s facing issues in undersdtanding our framwork or domain, I always love to help them. Sometime I even plan to discuss problems or issue over cup of Tea so that the person gets comfortable with me. I someone is stuck somewhere I always go and ask Do you have any problem, Should we discuss and brainstorm.



5.Give an example of a time you've had to improvise to achieve your goal?
Kubernetes,Docker and Performance Testing.


6.If you are offered this Job, What things would you like to change?

Instantly I will not change anything, I will first try to learn about product, what processes do we follow , How are the release cycles, What Automation Strategies we follow , How are we following the agile. Once I have the complete knowledge and if I believe something needs to be modified I will present my ideas within and then with higher leadership as well


7.Describe a time when you faced an unexpected challenge at Work.

In our constantly envolving industry we are frequent to unexpected challenges. To over come I generally write down the problem over a piece of paper and try brainstorm and find solutions around it. Try to discuss the problem with the Subject matter expert and come up with the solution. Recently o




I have an interview, How should I answer how many test run in your regression suite. Please answer me based on the best practise.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Databases gyan

Databases are the backbone of every design, no matter the scale, stack, or domain.

If you understand how data is stored, queried, indexed, replicated, and partitioned, you already understand 70% of system design.

Don’t get distracted by every new shiny component; queues, caches, and orchestrators come and go.
But databases are forever.

Every system eventually fails or scales at its data layer first, not its API or cache. That's why strong database design, indexing, and query optimization are the real foundations of scalability.

Anyone can name-drop 'Kafka' or 'Redis.' But the candidates who can have a deep conversation about index trade-offs (e.g., 'read-heavy vs. write-heavy'), isolation levels, and sharding strategies are the ones who can actually be trusted to build a robust system. 

It does'nt make sense if your algorithmn is o(1) but your query is still scanning the entire table.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Questions we should ask to interviewer -


1.








Introduction
Project Explanation
Daily routine/Responsibilities
Challenges solved by Automation as well as through Manual, Project Planning.
Bugs found through Automation and Manually
Issues found through Performance Tests
General Gyan

